Dear Mum and Dad, I am writing this letter to you from the centre of Australia.
At the moment we are staying near Ares Rock.
On the first day we took a plane tour over the rock and I was surprised at how big it was,
3.6 km long and 348 m high.
In different periods of the day, the colours of the rock turn dark blue, purple, yellow and red.
Ares Rock is a centre of local Aboriginal culture.
The Aborigines are the people that have lived in Australia from the earliest times and
their ancient stories describe the spirits that created the world.
The Australians have a close relationship with the British.
Many have British relatives and they are like us in many ways.
The foods that Australians like most are ham and beef with lots of salad.
They also grow grapes and other fruits.
They love all sports but the game that they like most is Australian football.
Those most Australians live near the coast.
They also love going to the beach for swimming and surfing or just lying in the sun.
Although it is December, it is summer over here.
The sun is very bright and near the coast the countryside is very green.
There are lots of sheep in the fields and on the hills but the middle of the country
has no trees or grass, just rocks and sand and kangaroos.
Australians speak English but in their own way.
For example, when they say, good day and no worries, they mean hello and don't worry about
it is not a problem.
On the second day we went horse riding.
The horse that I rode was lazy so I was left far behind the others.
But I enjoyed the slow and relaxing ride.
Later this evening we are taking the plane back to Sydney and coming home.
It has been a wonderful trip.
Love, Tony.